[Autogenerated] Let's go through the steps to lock down a route user
in an AWS account and demonstrate an action that only the root user
can do do next will attach a service control policy to limit the
root user in a member account.
Then we'll see how I am.
Users in the master account can modify s apps,
an organization structure I'm going to sign in as
the root user in this AWS account.
If I go to the I am Dashboard,
it's going to show me quite plainly all of the things that I
need to do to lock down my root user account.
Let's start with deleting the root access keys under my account name.
I can.
Select my security credentials, expand access keys,
then delete the key confirmed that you want to delete it.
Now if we go back to the I am dashboard we can, see a green check mark.
We've deleted the root access keys.
Next, let's activate multi factor authentication on the root account.
Go back to my security credentials and expand multi factor authentication.
Select.
Activate M F.
A.
Choose the type of device you want to use,
then follow the instructions for that particular device Once
you've entered the required information,
you can assign the M F A.
If we go back to the dashboard we can see that that box is now checked.
If we log out and log back in notice that now it requires the FAA code,
it's fairly easy to set up and adds an extra level of security to your account.
Some companies may use a hardware M F A,
and keep it in a safe or some other way to ensure that only a small
number of people have access to the root account and traceability to
whom is logging in with that route account.
Let's go back to the dashboard and see what else we need to fix.
Creating I am users and assigning permissions has to do with
creating an I am user to administer the account.
Let's first create an administrator's group.
Then we'll create a user and assign it to that group.
I'll attach the administrator access policy to this
administrators group recall that Administrator access includes
all actions available in the AWS account,
except those items that can do only be performed by route.
Now we can create a user and assign it to that group you can
choose what type of access they'll have.
I'll do console access only for now.
We'll assign them to the administrators group.
I'll skip the tags, review our selections and create these user.
Depending on how you're structuring your administrators,
you can send an email or download to CSV with the credentials.
If you're using AWS organizations,
you can instead create a role that allows administrative access,
then assigned.
The account that contains these e I am administrators in
your organization has a trusted account.
The final thing is to add an I am password policy,
go to account settings, set password policy,
then select the parameters for your password policy.
I'm just going to make mine 20 characters as an example.
Save the changes.
And now this account has an I am password policy.
Any I am users that error created or that changed their password will have to
follow the password policy when we go back to the dashboard.
We can CR security status is all green at this point,
the only time that you'll need to log in as the root user
is when you need to perform certain things that only the
root user can do do for example, suppose I wanted to change the account name.
I could go to my account, then edit the account settings.
Certain actions like this require you to re authenticate.
Now.
It could change the name of the account,
the email associated with it or the root password.
Since the global Aptiva count is part of an AWS organization,
let's create a service control policy that limits this account,
then we can see how even the root user is subject to the
service control policy in the master account.
Under AWS organizations go to the policies tab,
then select service control policies.
Here we can create a policy or attached an existing policy note
the full AWS access policy that is attached to each
organizational unit and account by default.
In the first course.
When we talked about service control policies,
we created a few of these policies.
Let's take a look at the limit E.
C.
To micro policy.
Recall that this will deny any run instantiate action that does
not have an instance type of tea to micro.
We'll attach this to our account under policies,
service control policies and will attach limit E.
C.
To micro back in that account as the root user
we can go to easy to that attempt.
To launch an instance, we'll try launching a T two large notice how,
even as the root user, the launch has failed.
The service control policy applies to all actions
and all users of a member account.
Back in the master account.
Any user with permissions to AWS organizations can attach
or detach service control policies.
If you've created policies to manage your member accounts,
it is extremely important that you limit permissions to AWS
organizations in your master account.
Otherwise the policies could be detached and that
Guard rail is no longer in place.
For example,
if this was just another user with access to AWS
organizations in the master account, they could detach that policy.
And then a user could try an action that was previously limited by a service control policy, and it would go through